4. Restrictions. The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made
subject to and limited by the following restrictions:

 a. You may Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work only under the terms
    of this License. You must include a copy of, or the Uniform Resource
    Identifier (URI) for, this License with every copy of the Work You
    Distribute or Publicly Perform. You may not offer or impose any terms
    on the Work that restrict the terms of this License or the ability of
    the recipient of the Work to exercise the rights granted to that
    recipient under the terms of the License. You may not sublicense the
    Work. You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License and
    to the disclaimer of warranties with every copy of the Work You
    Distribute or Publicly Perform. When You Distribute or Publicly
    Perform the Work, You may not impose any effective technological
    measures on the Work that restrict the ability of a recipient of the
    Work from You to exercise the rights granted to that recipient under
    the terms of the License. This Section 4(a) applies to the Work as
    incorporated in a Collection, but this does not require the Collection
    apart from the Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this
    License. If You create a Collection, upon notice from any Licensor You
    must, to the extent practicable, remove from the Collection any credit
    as required by Section 4(b), as requested. If You create an
    Adaptation, upon notice from any Licensor You must, to the extent
    practicable, remove from the Adaptation any credit as required by
    Section 4(b), as requested.
 b. If You Distribute, or Publicly Perform the Work or any Adaptations or
    Collections, You must, unless a request has been made pursuant to
    Section 4(a), keep intact all copyright notices for the Work and
    provide, reasonable to the medium or means You are utilizing: (i) the
    name of the Original Author (or pseudonym, if applicable) if supplied,
    and/or if the Original Author and/or Licensor designate another party
    or parties (e.g., a sponsor institute, publishing entity, journal) for
    attribution ("Attribution Parties") in Licensor's copyright notice,
    terms of service or by other reasonable means, the name of such party
    or parties; (ii) the title of the Work if supplied; (iii) to the
    extent reasonably practicable, the URI, if any, that Licensor
    specifies to be associated with the Work, unless such URI does not
    refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work;
    and (iv) , consistent with Section 3(b), in the case of an Adaptation,
    a credit identifying the use of the Work in the Adaptation (e.g.,
    "French translation of the Work by Original Author," or "Screenplay
    based on original Work by Original Author"). The credit required by
    this Section 4 (b) may be implemented in any reasonable manner;
    provided, however, that in the case of a Adaptation or Collection, at
    a minimum such credit will appear, if a credit for all contributing
    authors of the Adaptation or Collection appears, then as part of these
    credits and in a manner at least as prominent as the credits for the
    other contributing authors. For the avoidance of doubt, You may only
    use the credit required by this Section for the purpose of attribution
    in the manner set out above and, by exercising Your rights under this
    License, You may not implicitly or explicitly assert or imply any
    connection with, sponsorship or endorsement by the Original Author,
    Licensor and/or Attribution Parties, as appropriate, of You or Your
    use of the Work, without the separate, express prior written
    permission of the Original Author, Licensor and/or Attribution
    Parties.
 c. Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Licensor or as may be
    otherwise permitted by applicable law, if You Reproduce, Distribute or
    Publicly Perform the Work either by itself or as part of any
    Adaptations or Collections, You must not distort, mutilate, modify or
    take other derogatory action in relation to the Work which would be
    prejudicial to the Original Author's honor or reputation. Licensor
    agrees that in those jurisdictions (e.g. Japan), in which any exercise
    of the right granted in Section 3(b) of this License (the right to
    make Adaptations) would be deemed to be a distortion, mutilation,
    modification or other derogatory action prejudicial to the Original
    Author's honor and reputation, the Licensor will waive or not assert,
    as appropriate, this Section, to the fullest extent permitted by the
    applicable national law, to enable You to reasonably exercise Your
    right under Section 3(b) of this License (right to make Adaptations)
    but not otherwise.

5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer

UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR
OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF
LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS,
WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR
ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7. Termination

 a. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate
    automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this License.
    Individuals or entities who have received Adaptations or Collections
    from You under this License, however, will not have their licenses
    terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full
    compliance with those licenses. Sections 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 8 will
    survive any termination of this License.
 b. Subject to the above terms and conditions, the license granted here is
    perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright in the Work).
    Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reserves the right to release the
    Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at
    any time; provided, however that any such election will not serve to
    withdraw this License (or any other license that has been, or is
    required to be, granted under the terms of this License), and this
    License will continue in full force and effect unless terminated as
    stated above.

8. Miscellaneous

 a. Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work or a Collection,
    the Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Work on the same
    terms and conditions as the license granted to You under this License.
 b. Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform an Adaptation, Licensor
    offers to the recipient a license to the original Work on the same
    terms and conditions as the license granted to You under this License.
 c. If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under
    applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
    the remainder of the terms of this License, and without further action
    by the parties to this agreement, such provision shall be reformed to
    the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and
    enforceable.
 d. No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no
    breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing
    and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent.
 e. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
    respect to the Work licensed here. There are no understandings,
    agreements or representations with respect to the Work not specified
    here. Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that
    may appear in any communication from You. This License may not be
    modified without the mutual written agreement of the Licensor and You.
 f. The rights granted under, and the subject matter referenced, in this
    License were drafted utilizing the terminology of the Berne Convention
    for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works (as amended on
    September 28, 1979), the Rome Convention of 1961, the WIPO Copyright
    Treaty of 1996, the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty of 1996
    and the Universal Copyright Convention (as revised on July 24, 1971).
    These rights and subject matter take effect in the relevant
    jurisdiction in which the License terms are sought to be enforced
    according to the corresponding provisions of the implementation of
    those treaty provisions in the applicable national law. If the
    standard suite of rights granted under applicable copyright law
    includes additional rights not granted under this License, such
    additional rights are deemed to be included in the License; this
    License is not intended to restrict the license of any rights under
    applicable law.


Creative Commons Notice

    Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty
    whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be
    liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages
    whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special,
    incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this
    license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative
    Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it
    shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.

    Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the
    Work is licensed under the CCPL, Creative Commons does not authorize
    the use by either party of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any
    related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior
    written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in
    compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage
    guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made
    available upon request from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt,
    this trademark restriction does not form part of this License.

    Creative Commons may be contacted at http://creativecommons.org/.
